# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --python-platform=linux --python-version=3.10 requirements.in
a2wsgi==1.10.4
    # via connexion
adlfs==2024.4.1
    # via flytekit
agate==1.6.3
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   sqlmesh
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   gcsfs
    #   langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.1
    # via apache-airflow
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
apache-airflow==2.3.3
    # via sqlmesh
apache-airflow-providers-common-sql==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-sqlite
apache-airflow-providers-ftp==3.3.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-http==4.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-imap==3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite==3.3.2
    # via apache-airflow
apispec==3.3.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
argcomplete==3.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   connexion
    #   flask
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
astor==0.8.1
    # via sqlmesh
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
autoflake==1.7.7
    # via sqlmesh
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.16.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.20.0
    # via adlfs
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   agate
    #   flask-babel
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
black==22.6.0
    # via sqlmesh
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
boto3==1.34.108
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.108
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3fs
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-session
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
cattrs==1.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   dbt-core
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flytekit
    #   mkdocs
    #   sqlmesh
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via flytekit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   mkdocs-material
colorlog==4.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipywidgets
connexion==3.0.6
    # via apache-airflow
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via flytekit
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via apache-airflow
croniter==2.0.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flytekit
    #   sqlmesh
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
    #   snowflake-connector-python
databend==1.2.344
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.6
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   langchain
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via sqlmesh
dbt-core==1.5.11
    # via
    #   dbt-duckdb
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   sqlmesh
dbt-duckdb==1.5.2
    # via sqlmesh
dbt-extractor==0.4.1
    # via dbt-core
dbt-snowflake==1.5.7
    # via sqlmesh
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flytekit
    #   pygithub
dill==0.3.8
    # via apache-airflow
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via flytekit
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docker==6.1.3
    # via flytekit
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via flytekit
docutils==0.21.2
    # via python-daemon
duckdb==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dbt-duckdb
    #   sqlmesh
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
faker==25.2.0
    # via sqlmesh
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-appbuilder==4.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-caching==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-jwt-extended==4.6.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-session==0.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-wtf==0.15.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flyteidl==1.3.20
    # via flytekit
flytekit==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via sqlmesh
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.5.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
    #   sqlmesh
future==1.0.0
    # via parsedatetime
gcsfs==2024.5.0
    # via flytekit
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via flytekit
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   sqlmesh
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-bigquery==3.23.0
    # via sqlmesh
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.25.0
    # via sqlmesh
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.16.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via apache-airflow
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via apache-airflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
hologram==0.0.16
    # via dbt-core
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   openai
hyperscript==0.0.3
    # via sqlmesh
identify==2.5.36
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dbt-core
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
inflection==0.5.1
    # via connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.24.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via
    #   rich
    #   sqlmesh
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   dbt-core
isort==5.10.1
    # via sqlmesh
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pdoc
    #   python-nvd3
    #   sqlmesh
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via flytekit
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   hologram
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==24.3.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   snowflake-connector-python
kubernetes==29.0.0
    # via flytekit
langchain==0.2.0
    # via sqlmesh
langchain-core==0.2.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.0
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.59
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via apache-airflow
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via apache-airflow
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-daemon
logbook==1.5.3
    # via dbt-core
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pdoc
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.26.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
mashumaro==3.6
    # via dbt-core
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via apache-airflow
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via dbt-core
mkdocs==1.4.3
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-include-markdown-plugin==4.0.3
    # via sqlmesh
mkdocs-material==9.0.5
    # via sqlmesh
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via jaraco-classes
msal==1.28.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via mashumaro
msgspec==0.18.6
    # via flask-session
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
    #   sqlmesh
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.4.0
    # via flytekit
networkx==2.8.8
    # via dbt-core
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flytekit
    #   langchain
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   pyarrow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
openai==1.30.1
    # via sqlmesh
orjson==3.10.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   dbt-core
    #   docker
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   mkdocs
    #   msal-extensions
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlmesh
pandas-stubs==2.2.2.240514
    # via sqlmesh
parsedatetime==2.4
    # via agate
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   black
    #   dbt-core
pdoc==14.5.0
    # via sqlmesh
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   pytest
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
pre-commit==3.7.1
    # via sqlmesh
prison==0.2.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   flyteidl
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via flyteidl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via apache-airflow
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via sqlmesh
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlmesh
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   sqlmesh
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via autoflake
pygithub==2.3.0
    # via sqlmesh
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pdoc
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymdown-extensions==10.4
    # via mkdocs-material
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyopenssl==24.1.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pyspark==3.5.1
    # via sqlmesh
pytest==8.2.1
    # via
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-lazy-fixture
    #   pytest-mock
    #   sqlmesh
pytest-asyncio==0.21.2
    # via sqlmesh
pytest-lazy-fixture==0.6.3
    # via sqlmesh
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via sqlmesh
python-daemon==3.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   faker
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flytekit
    #   freezegun
    #   ghp-import
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   hologram
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via connexion
python-nvd3==0.16.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   agate
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cookiecutter
    #   python-nvd3
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   agate
    #   flytekit
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   dbt-core
    #   flask-babel
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlmesh
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   connexion
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   mkdocs
    #   pre-commit
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   responses
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   docker-image-py
    #   mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   connexion
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlmesh
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-http
responses==0.25.0
    # via flytekit
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cookiecutter
    #   sqlmesh
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via sqlmesh
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==0.4.2
    # via flytekit
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via apache-airflow
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via
    #   nodeenv
    #   python-daemon
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   agate
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   kubernetes
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.10.0
    # via
    #   dbt-snowflake
    #   sqlmesh
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   langchain
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-jsonfield
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-jsonfield==1.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
sqlalchemy-stubs==0.4
    # via sqlmesh
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
sqlglot==20.1.0
    # via sqlmesh
sqlmesh==0.59.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
    #   dbt-core
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via connexion
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
swagger-ui-bundle==1.1.0
    # via connexion
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   sqlmesh
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
time-machine==2.14.1
    # via pendulum
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.5
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-croniter==2.0.0.20240423
    # via sqlmesh
types-dateparser==1.2.0.20240420
    # via sqlmesh
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via
    #   pandas-stubs
    #   sqlmesh
types-requests==2.28.8
    # via sqlmesh
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   apache-airflow
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   connexion
    #   dbt-core
    #   flytekit
    #   ipython
    #   mashumaro
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygithub
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
    #   sqlmesh
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pendulum
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via apache-airflow
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.26.2
    # via pre-commit
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   dbt-core
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
wheel==0.43.0
    # via flytekit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.2
    # via importlib-metadata
